README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://laravel.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laravel/art/master/logo-lockup/5%20SVG/2%20CMYK/1%20Full%20Color/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400" alt="Laravel Logo"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-v12.x-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white" alt="Laravel Version">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-8.2+-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white" alt="PHP Version">
</p>

# Laravel Framework Personal

A Laravel learning repository. Each branch represents a different task or exercise.

## Repository Structure

This project uses a branch-per-task workflow.

### Branch Organization

| Branch | Purpose |
|--------|---------|
| [`main`](https://github.com/ractopen/LaravelFrameWorkPersonal/tree/main) | Base Laravel template for copying |
| [`task2-routing`](https://github.com/ractopen/LaravelFrameWorkPersonal/tree/task2-routing) | Task 2: Routing in Laravel |
| [`task3-connectToPGSQL`](https://github.com/ractopen/LaravelFrameWorkPersonal/tree/task3-connectToPGSQL) | Task 3: Connect to PostgreSQL |

Use the `main` branch as the base for copying and creating new task branches like `task1-task-name` for each new task.

### Workflow

```bash
# Create a new branch for each task
git checkout -b task-name

# Work on the task
# ...

# Commit and push
git add .
git commit -m "Complete task: description"
git push -u origin task-name
```

## Setup Instructions

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/ractopen/LaravelFrameWorkPersonal.git
cd LaravelFrameWorkPersonal

# Install dependencies
composer install
npm install  # Optional: for frontend assets (Vite, etc.)

# Setup environment
cp .env.example .env
php artisan key:generate

# Setup database (adjust based on your database choice)
touch database/database.sqlite  # For SQLite
php artisan migrate

# Start server
php artisan serve
```

## Tech Stack

- **Backend:** Laravel (PHP Framework)
- **Database:** Configurable (SQLite, MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.)
- **Frontend:** Blade Templates, Vite
- **Version Control:** Git & GitHub

---

<p align="center">Laravel learning repository</p>

Commit message:

added a new branch Task 4: Models and Eloquent in Laravel

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://laravel.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laravel/art/master/logo-lockup/5%20SVG/2%20CMYK/1%20Full%20Color/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400" alt="Laravel Logo"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-v12.x-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white" alt="Laravel Version">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-8.2+-777BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white" alt="PHP Version">
</p>

# Laravel Framework Personal

A Laravel learning repository. Each branch represents a different task or exercise.

## Repository Structure

This project uses a branch-per-task workflow.

### Branch Organization

| Branch | Purpose |
|--------|---------|
| [`main`](https://github.com/ractopen/LaravelFrameWorkPersonal/tree/main) | Base Laravel template for copying |
| [`task2-routing`](https://github.com/ractopen/LaravelFrameWorkPersonal/tree/task2-routing) | Task 2: Routing in Laravel |
| [`task3-connectToPGSQL`](https://github.com/ractopen/LaravelFrameWorkPersonal/tree/task3-connectToPGSQL) | Task 3: Connect to PostgreSQL |
| [`task4-models-eloquent`](https://github.com/ractopen/LaravelFrameWorkPersonal/tree/task4-models-eloquent) | Task 4: Models and Eloquent in Laravel |

Use the `main` branch as the base for copying and creating new task branches like `task1-task-name` for each new task.

### Workflow

```bash
# Create a new branch for each task
git checkout -b task-name

# Work on the task
# ...

# Commit and push
git add .
git commit -m "Complete task: description"
git push -u origin task-name
```

## Setup Instructions

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/ractopen/LaravelFrameWorkPersonal.git
cd LaravelFrameWorkPersonal

# Install dependencies
composer install
npm install  # Optional: for frontend assets (Vite, etc.)

# Setup environment
cp .env.example .env
php artisan key:generate

# Setup database (adjust based on your database choice)
touch database/database.sqlite  # For SQLite
php artisan migrate

# Start server
php artisan serve
```

## Tech Stack

- **Backend:** Laravel (PHP Framework)
- **Database:** Configurable (SQLite, MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.)
- **Frontend:** Blade Templates, Vite
- **Version Control:** Git & GitHub

---

<p align="center">Laravel learning repository</p>
